hello guys this is the attack not even
another video so let's get started
in this video I'm going to show you how
can you make you with a seven run faster
with cleaning your temps and all the
dead guidance thames stuff but you have
to go to start and like to that and
that's so long process and deleting and
i make it short i make a short very
short you have to copy the description
coding hitch in this video descriptions
and you will got this this this coding
you paste it on the notepad and go to
file save as and save is as clean not
bad make sure you save it on as a name
or clean thought bed and save it on your
desktop once you save it you will got
this clean file here with a gear on it
its icon and double click it and it will
clean all your terms and other things to
make your it will make your windows 7
faster so that's a quick video from sec
tech 90 m thanks for watching hope you
guys like it make sure that you press
the like button and comments and it's
work or not tell me and brought me
thanks for watching I